docs: Mention exporting of the orig tarball in make-changes-to-a-package (#555)
ubuntu/ubuntu-project-docs: docs/contributors/patching/make-changes-to-a-package.rst

    $ git-ubuntu clone hello
    $ cd hello/

> To eventually build or upload our changed package, we will also need the tarball containing the original upstream source code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To eventually build or upload our changed package, we also need the tarball containing the original upstream source code:
```

.. prompt:: none $ auto

    $ git-ubuntu export-orig

> This will put the tarball in the parent directory, at `../hello_2.10.orig.tar.gz`. Most ecosystem tools will expect orig tarballs placed one directory up like this, so don't move it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This puts the tarball in the parent directory, at `../hello_2.10.orig.tar.gz`. Most ecosystem tools expect orig tarballs placed one directory up like this, so don't move it.
```
